Naoya. You’ve read the application guidelines for the
competition, haven’t you?
Yes, of course. The selected winner will receive 100,000 yen,
and the honorable mention will receive 10,000 yen.
Naoya, this is not about the money but the description
in the application guidelines for copyright.
Hmm?
Ah, maybe this. What is it?
The selected work will be published on this website.
Applicants agree to assign the copyright
to the AXIS Short Video Production Association
for selected works after the application date.
Also, the copyright of other award-winning works,
such as honorable mentions unavailable on this site,
are assigned only for one year after the application date.
How should I interpret this?
Naoya, the copyright owner for this video is Naoya.
When applying, check the copyright policy in advance.
If you don’t, your work may become unintentionally unusable.
Oh! What do you mean?
I will answer.
Firstly, you have learned before that copyright has economic
rights and moral rights.
Here, the economic rights can be assigned to another party.
In other words, some rights can be assigned to others.
If it says simply copyright, it means economic rights.
How does this relate to the “assignment of copyright”
described in the application guidelines?
Ryota once asked Aoi to provide illustrations, right?
Ah, the open campus one!
Yes. I gave it to Ryota as it’s in the public domain,
so anyone can use it!
That’s right. But what if the other party is
not Ryota but a design company?
Let’s consider the case where there is financial
consideration for Aoi’s illustrations.
This is an example of a service agreement.
The design company that asks Aoi is asking for an illustration
for a specific purpose,
so it is necessary to make a contract to meet that purpose.
For example, a contract asks you to assign the copyright
because you will be paid for the illustration,
or a contract asks you to let me use a part of the copyright.
I see. There is a difference between assigning all the copyrights
and granting some rights.
If I assign all copyrights, does that mean I won’t be able to use
the illustrations freely because I won’t be the copyright owner?
Yes, that’s what happens.
What will happen in the case of this video competition?
It says that the selected works for this competition will be
published on the website.
In other words, it is confirmed that the selected works will be
publicly transmitted.
Since public transmission is essentially
the copyright owner’s right,
it is necessary for the organizer of this competition,
a third party,
to obtain permission for public transmission from the copyright
owner or to get the assignment of the public transmission right.
I see. So, in the processing of this application,
the copyright of all the selected works is assigned,
honorable mentions are assigned for one year,
and if they don’t win, the rights go back to the copyright owner.
Kasumi you really focused on the issue of copyright assignment,
which was a good point.
Yes, I had asked one of my seniors about handling copyrights
when submitting a paper.
At that time, I studied about copyright assignments.
We need to know about copyright assignments, too.
It’s true that when you are at a university, you will be writing
papers, and papers will be published,
so it is a good idea to learn about copyright assignments.
Now, the handling of copyright in a competition like this is the content of a proper contract.
Please ensure that you are carefully aware of how to handle your
important works before submitting your application to the
competition.
Yes. I will read the application guidelines again, and then decide.